SNOW v2 - Clarified descs for  impact, urgeny args in CRUD ticket commands (#6779)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

>   - Clarified the documentation for usage of the ***impact*** and the ***urgency*** arguments in the commands:
>     - ***servicenow-update-ticket***
>     - ***servicenow-create-ticket***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Improved documentation regarding the usage of the ***impact*** and the ***urgency*** arguments for the commands:
    - ***servicenow-update-ticket***
    - ***servicenow-create-ticket***
```

Reviewer: I'm inclined to agree with @liorblob. The most important message to convey is that the end-user can select from the prepopulated values, or override it using some sort of template. 

I would suggest the following:

> 'Ticket urgency. You may select from the predefined options, or define a custom field by using the following syntax. "Number - Label". (For example, "4 - Medium")
